hello everyone and welcome to the latest
episode of the padreon my name is james
i'm nick and the silence has been filled
silence has lifted and i'm back home
nick is back from a month in ontario
and
already being put to work doing a
podcast
um we have a new podcast set up and i
think this will be the first episode to
go
on to normal podcast services because
i've had a couple of you request that
they not just be youtube videos
and so i think i figured out a way to do
it um
and so yeah this one should be available
on like itunes and spotify and all that
stuff so hopefully it will be and if it
is there'll be links in the description
and if it's not i'm sorry i'll try again
next week
so nick how was your time off um
actually it was really nice i know we
have like an actual topic but yeah yeah
we'll just go with it i i think i had a
good time you you think um i think i did
some good things some bad things
um
such as life touch is life uh family
that's the thing about vacationing with
family is that you're gonna kind of get
wrapped into that family drama i would
have just like to have like a while i
don't do it
a week in like a trailer on a lake
you know yeah i've been looking at
like airbnbs
around here and some of them are really
nice and they're not expensive and i'm
like because i would just love to get
even like three or four days
away where there's no internet
just completely disconnect
like go to bed when it's it gets dark
out like that kind of reset your
circadian rhythm yeah but none of them
have air conditioning
um like i'm not gonna have to bring an
air conditioner with me i mean that's an
idea
i mean yeah but it's a [ __ ]
um i did put the old one in the storage
unit now i know that but i just mean you
know if i'm paying you
1500 pounds
i i think i'm entering a period of my
life where i just kind of want to
abandon
apartments and live in a trailer on a
lake
for a little bit
you know i was actually watching a uh a
documentary on youtube
literally last night of people who uh in
the united states who buy trailers
because you know they're obviously a
whole lot less expensive than houses
yeah um
but then they get evicted from the
trailer they own
because they don't own the land it's the
land it's on and because the trailer has
been you know kind of set up they've got
decks and stuff they can't just pick it
up and wheel it away and so they're
homeless even though they bought their
home and they owned their home well i
wouldn't build a deck america i'd keep
it attached to i don't know some pickup
truck thing i guess something with
wheels yeah something with wheels so
that way i can get up and go if i need
to i'm feeling very mobile
i'm feeling very
i want more connection to nature
um
i just want to get out and do stuff you
know
sure yeah nature
nature i kind of feel that i've been
kind of not go live off the grid
unibomber style like you're talking
about but yeah okay but uh there's
there's more nuance to that like my
grandparents lived in trailers for a lot
of my life
um so i lived in trailers when i went to
visit them they owned a trailer that was
on a lake that kind of used as a cottage
that wasn't that far out of the town
that they were that they're living in
but so like that's kind of what i'm
envisioning i'm not envisioning like
going to live out in the boonies like
you know like there are plenty of like
camping sites and like trailer trailer
parks and stuff not trailer parks but
like parks that accommodate trailer
parking
uh camp campsites
because uh trailer parks is where you do
get into those like you know permanent
mobile homes like there's a decks and
what i'm envisioning is much more closer
to a campsite that you can drive a
trailer up to
uh it wouldn't be for me um no no
trailers are
too
confined for me very cozy
too confined
uh i find our apartment too small yeah
sometimes so
even when you were gone i was like
how did you enjoy your time when i
wasn't here
it was very nice kind of just being able
to do whatever the hell i wanted at any
time do i restrict you that much
well i just mean like where i'd be like
i'm going to stream tonight and just
like stream and not kind of ask you do
you want to be a part of it or anything
like that yeah i would just do it yeah
where i would just be like oh there's
this thing on netflix and then just sit
down and watch you know all of it i came
to a very sad realization something i'm
a little bit envious of you of is i have
not
slept
by myself as in like in an apartment in
a house by myself
since roughly the same time we met
yeah i haven't had my own isolated
sleeping space from anyone and i have
given you that from time to time when i
go to visit home well yeah and like the
thing is because
the times that i i rare very rarely
visit home um and so the times that i do
visit home
they tended to be dramatic moments yeah
that i went with you to go do yeah kind
of give you like a bit of a shoulder
yeah um and so yeah that's kind of
something i was thinking of was like
i was like you had mentioned to me that
you were uh trying to get a trailer
while you were there
and i was like oh that'd be good because
then nick could have like actual alone
time because your vacation was going to
live with other people for a little
while other people who seem to just
attract drama into their lives
um and we won't name names whereas i'm
just so easygoing and there's no drama
ever with i mean there's
i mean
you're giving me a look
there's no like drama no there's no
drama but like i mean unless youtube
does something douchey
i hope you don't take it the wrong way
when i say like i
am ready to live alone
no i am absolutely ready get out to live
alone and just kind of
control my own space
well yeah i mean i'm i
am completely in agreement there like
even like the places that i've been
looking at um
[Music]
like say moving to vancouver like the
idea is to get there and then you find
your own place yeah but i'm still
looking for two bedrooms not so that you
necessarily you could be comfortable
while you're there which you know that
you you want a den i want a place where
i can set up a shooting area yeah um
and so it's like
i completely get the urge
to live alone
because i have lived alone before when i
was in business school and stuff like
that and at times it can get very lonely
and here's the thing like i have never
like even before we moved in together
when i was living alone i was renting a
room in a winter house yeah i have never
ever ever had my own living space
although i can say
during the pandemic had i been living
alone i would have gone crazy
i think i did go crazy slash m going
crazy i'm trying to fix things uh but
yeah like i do kind of approach because
we've lived together together for so
long i do approach
a lot of the idea of sort of saying like
i need to sort of not break ties with
james but i need to sort of you know
create some some physical distance
um i i feel really guilty when i do
about that because i'm like oh my god
like james is this little dog that if i
leave him alone he's gonna like [ __ ] all
over the all of the furniture like
because he's just so anxious and
neurotic and he he will be so lonely and
lost without me so like
yes i do approach that with a bit of
guilt when talking about that um i'm the
anxious and neurotic one i mean you have
your moments i do but when i'm when i'm
like well while you were gone there
would be instances where i'd be like i'm
kind of lonely i have nothing to do i
have no one to talk to and i just do a
stream and there i have a couple hundred
people to talk to
um
but yeah i totally get
what you're talking about and that's why
you know in the hopefully near future as
in like
within a year hopefully
we will have relocated somewhere
that
that can happen yeah we can accommodate
that yeah
uh so what are we actually supposed to
do you actually missed my queue um i
made a segue to talk about the subject
today is we're going to be talking about
guilt and shame and i literally said
oh right
pick up on it i forgot what we were
talking about so yes um we are talking
today about guilt and shame which is
something we both feel because we missed
a week of the patreon
i especially because i was very like you
were on vacation so that's like another
it wasn't supposed to be a month long
yeah yeah but like i was not on vacation
and so i did a week where i was like
okay i'll read some chapters of my book
and then i didn't have enough chapters
of my book to do a second episode of and
so i was trying to think of one and then
i
decided to do one that was just kind of
a rant
and it was a
rant about disney's complete destruction
of uh inner in intellectual property
rights
and that's a video went on for a bit
that's a video 40 minutes just me like
kind of spewing my knowledge from film
school and business school and
everything
and it wasn't recording oh
and so that's why there wasn't an
episode is this one recording i've got i
hope so is it is it recording
i can't see the screen
the screen's too far away it seems like
it's recording yes it's recording
numbers are moving
numbers go up stonks
but yeah i felt very guilty about that i
feel guilty that there's not a video out
this week i feel guilty there's not
gonna be this week
i did this is just my
like i know you take it like not you
don't take this nearly not i don't want
to say nearly as seriously but like to
heart as i do i i think you're wrong
about that i think that i do it's just
that i am kind of on a once a month um
keel and i think we need to relax from
whereas i'm like yeah let's put out a
half hour every week
um
like i i'm like yeah we should be a
network show like we should just be
pounding these out and yeah you know the
two of us instead of having a crew yeah
yeah and
i i i keep trying to kind of reel you
back from that kind of expectation
because it isn't
it might be feasible but it's not
realistic that's not sustainable because
we were living on that kind of keel
coming into this in terms of not not in
terms of what we're producing but in
terms of just word count and that's
exhausting
without excuse me um
especially because we're both trying to
get other stuff going on the go so we
need more time to kind of to ourselves
so that we can have time needed for
you know working on other projects and
self-care i mean i again i and i say
this because
this is my job
so everything else is secondary to this
like secondary projects like telos is
very important but right now telos is
being held up by the lack of actors in
the area
um
and other than that all my other side
projects they are side projects they're
not important
to this
and
that's why i feel so much guilt when i'm
not constantly putting out stuff
for not just the youtube channel but for
patrons
because
i it's kind of like
i have a job that i like and if i'm not
working at it one thousand percent of
the time
what if it's not there anymore okay well
that working at one thousand percent is
first of all what fast food employers
expect of their employees so we're not
going to work on that business model and
it also leads to an incredible amount of
burnout very easily
and when you're burnt out you cannot
make optimal content optimal content
um
you know once again like it is okay to
kind of you know not necessarily do
nothing but make a more regular kind of
keel of videos because remember there
was a time when you were starting out
when it was kind of like oh if we don't
get out and get one out this month we'll
do we'll do in another two weeks and we
kind of had this six week sort of
uh rollover that we was also working
full-time yeah that's true at the time
and the government was giving out free
money at the time but so like well you
feel and that component of guilty thing
about not working hard enough
um like we're already doing a lot
comparative to some other
video essayists but next to nothing
compared to other ones
like if you if if we were to just like
sit down and go like okay let's look at
other
other people who do video essays and
let's
compare our
um output
then you've got some video essayists who
like contra points do like a video a
year
and then you've got other ones who do
like two or three videos a week yeah and
they're like an hour long right
um but we also do go for a ramped up
production quality um in terms of like
kind of making these mini documentaries
oh yeah like that's one of the things is
like i it's you know they're they're
scripted but it's very much kind of
talking to the camera there might be
some cutaways you know
um
not likely
going ahead and or it's
you know voice over with
um
b-roll which is actually harder to do
than filming
uh it's it's harder to do because
there's nothing to cut away to when
you're like i don't know what to put
over this shot yeah yeah it's uh
it's it's crazy how some of like our
contemporaries
just churn stuff out and like on their
own like they're like a one-person gay
yeah
and
like i am amazed at these people
and a part of my brain is like we should
be doing that and then a part of my
brain is like
well no because then we can't do a video
like the hannibal video no no no um and
that's also just not the way that i'm
capable of writing like me personally as
like someone who contributes to a lot of
these things so if you want to do that
much you'd be kind of out on your own
for that
um
so i just want to say like you know like
it's not that
i'm not saying that it's feasible i'm
saying that i feel guilty that i don't
do it um you want to talk about guilt
and shame that's where my guilt and
shame are
because i feel like i'm not earning
the it just scares me a little bit when
you talk about that because i'm like i
can't do that anymore because that was
like the first half of the year and like
i i got into a really bad place about
that so i don't really feel a whole lot
of guilt and shame about not producing
that much content because like
for me doing that much content leads to
like not nice places
yeah
um whereas for me i just have this
constant anxiety of if i'm not churning
out things will you know the patron
numbers drop
will
you know they've only really dropped
when they don't when we don't produce
videos about anime
i mean no no didn't a few people leave
patreon and they said like you're not
making enough animals a couple did yes a
couple of patrons did i'm making that as
a joke um and said specifically this is
legit some left and messaged me on
patreon saying i was expecting more
anime content
and i'm like
there's some coming
[Laughter]
uh
like given that it's been like a year
since we no two years since yuri on ice
um i think so it hasn't been two years
yuri on ice was last
uh one question were we living here yes
last year
yes okay so that was we did not do yuri
on ice in this
yeah we did we did yuri on ice here oh
my god we did we did everything after
i did i only did three videos in the
other part right right right because the
um power couples video we shot in my
room
for part of it part of it yeah yeah
um
it still boggles my mind that power
couples and killing stocking are the
most viewed videos on the channel and
they came out one after the other and
i'm like what happened during that
period of time
that just like shoved everyone to our
channel and where did they go
i mean you have been getting like a
steady increase of like subscribers and
like we do have the patreon so like oh
yeah like the the patreon has really
like you guys have
taken a load off of my shoulders like
not having to deal with youtube's
maniacal yeah insanity um
which is wonderful
but um
we are going to put out some videos that
are more
youtube friendly the camp videos were
not youtube friendly they were that we
we we're looking at that as our gift to
pride yeah that was our pride month
video gift yeah and then my queer's folk
video was guilt and gays and for not
watching it
um
and
some of the reactions to that are
hilarious they are like so you get some
hilarious reaction reactions to all of
all of your videos like there's so many
people who are like oh my god i was
watching this at 12 at like at midnight
too and then there's other people who
are just like this is the worst thing
that was ever created we should never
admit that feminine gays exist and also
we should never admit that masculine
gays exist we should never admit that
gays like to have sex we should never
admit that gays don't like to have sex
we should like yeah like just all of it
it's hilarious how many queer people do
not want queer people to exist yeah
it's depressing like we're
we're touted as a community that sort of
appreciates diversity and yet we want
diversity in a very specific way
i'm annoyed by that
yeah i think um most of us don't even
want diversity
well that's what i mean like they don't
give us like pride season it's like you
get the little white twinks they're like
yeah diversity but i don't take black
guys like
you know
um
so when it comes to me and guilt and
shame i feel a lot more guilt and shame
over the fact that i have barely written
any fiction since i published my last
since i published the novel
um like i put that out and i kind of
held it to myself like okay by the
beginning of 2023 i'm gonna have a
sequel out that's not gonna happen and i
feel really bad about that
um
like there's a sense that like by kind
of leaving it i feel like i've abandoned
it like it's my baby and i've abandoned
it and like
i'm constantly like going like
uh the first half of this year was
swathed and book awards that were coming
out and i had no idea that was going on
because i was trying to keep my head up
my head screwed on straight to kind of
keep like working so i feel like i
missed a whole bunch i feel like i
basically just abandoned it and that i
gave up so that's that's how i feel
about that
um
i'm afraid this podcast is going to turn
into a therapy session i mean
have you been on the discords
no
no i go on the patreon discord uh the
discord is um a lot of trauma dumping
that it's apparently just especially in
like the um the nsfw section like it's a
lot of just people being really really
sad
just where they go to talk about it i'm
sad enough watching gay shows like this
didn't happen to me
uh yeah that's a problem um so like i
i do really want to get reinvested in my
fiction uh a sequel to avalon night
isn't going to happen next i'm working
on the thing that is probably going to
get out there somewhere or like i'm
going to maybe try and ship it out to
agents if i can
um
so like when it comes to me and guilt
it's not about like i need to deliver
for the people consuming this it's more
about like i need to
keep at this for my sake like you know
like i feel like by abandoning it i've
lost steam and then i'll never be able
to get back into it and that this baby
that i created is just going to
basically die on the vine um
so it's more of an intrinsic uh sense of
guilt and shame that i feel rather than
some something that's directed to a
group of people yeah
um
i'm also feeling guilt and shame about
my mom um
going back was difficult for that reason
um just kind of feeling like i'm not
being there when mom is kind of going
through
she she's in rough shape um
because it has been two and a half years
since i've been home
yes pandemics do that i know but it's a
long that is not your fault i know it's
not my fault but still like i i just um
it doesn't help that even now they
apparently the province just has given
up on masks entirely yeah nobody wears
masks in ontario literally well okay
like two or three people in a crowd of a
hundred but
like
the airport is
here is
technically you're supposed to wear your
mask but there were people like arriving
and taking their masks off and i wanted
to like leap over gates and like
cover their mouths and be like
keep your germs away from us
i mean like
from what i've heard like i you know was
tangentially attached to a few people
who were like around my mom's orbit and
they were getting covered sometimes and
like apparently it's just like a few day
cold these days if you're triple waxed
um
it can be it can get rough but like it's
asthmatic yeah yeah like that's the
whole thing like so many people kind of
take it very lightly that they're like
oh it was like a cold and maybe you know
a light flu and that sucked for a couple
of days but uh but then there are people
who
have compromised immune systems and who
have breathing problems and for them
it's not a two-day cold it's a hospital
right uh it's it's going to the er it's
being admitted it's being it's being put
on
oxygen even like i l i personally know
someone who um went to vegas
just recently um
and they're triple vaxxed and they got
covered in vegas
and
they are currently in the hospital
and they are currently on oxygen yeah i
haven't checked the state of covent in a
very long time like what kind of what
it's like with hospitals or like
the hospitals aren't like overflowing
here or anything like that but what i'm
saying is that like
i wish people wouldn't be so nonchalant
about it because there are people who
you know they have even when they can
get all the vaccinations there are
complications what i don't understand is
like
how is covered going to just kind of go
away like is it like
because like well that's the thing this
is the thing that no one is that no one
is
thinking about and i apologize to
everyone listening to this that this
isn't more upbeat i wanted this to be an
upbeat podcast um
but
we as a society
for so long have just said oh you have
medical problems
[ __ ] off
i want to live my life
i don't care if you have a compromised
immune system or breathing problems or
accessibility issues i don't care
not on my plate
and
for a while during covid we were
thinking about those people
and now that you know able-bodied people
have decided that covet is over we have
once again forgotten about them and
i think that is horribly cruel
and so everyone walking around without
masks and stuff and being like i've
earned this it's like
there are so many people
not just in your life but around you
who
are immunocompromised
who they
right
by you saying i've earned this i get to
go have fun again we
there they can't leave their house but
i'm just i'm not i'm not certainly it's
i'm not i'm not attacking that or kind
of advocating for that attitude i'm sort
of
like in a po in sort of like um
what i'm saying is we need to
acknowledge that these people exist and
we need to
um
better
make society work for them better yeah
yeah um the ableism argument
um i'm just kind of in a catastrophizing
about like how is coped going to end
like because it doesn't seem like
there's going to be any more shutdowns
it doesn't seem like there's going to be
more regulations against it
so i i'm kind of questioning like what's
what's the next sort of step for covet
well i'm not a doctor or an immunologist
so i can't really tell you that
my thought process in it is wear masks
in public
oh but masks are so inconvenient yeah
well none of us have gotten the flu in
the last two years so
i need to buy new maps put your masks on
i forgot one in ontario and i don't like
the other one that i have
everyone always compliments you because
you have the majora's mask mask and like
you haven't even played the game from
like i've tried playing tried playing
the game but it's like my favorite game
and there's one of my favorite games i
can get to the swamp and i'm just like
and people are like oh my god i love
that game and i'm there i'm beside you
like it's my favorite game
he hasn't even played it i couldn't get
like a hyrule crest
mask or anything majora's mask was the
only mask i could get
it's madora's mask mask um majora's mask
mask mask for mask
mask on mask
yeah see now we're making the podcast
horny like
i i thought we were just making it dumb
no mask on mask like
it's like oh yeah like a mask
yeah yeah um
but yeah back to
guilt and shame guilt and shame i also
like feel an immense amount of
shame
around tello stuff
because
they
kind of
i expected there to be much more
interest from actors
in the area um
and at least by posting on job sites
there has not been i'm going to go
basically go out and
create flyers and put them on every
telephone pole in the city i should just
i should design some tomorrow and like
put them in bus stops and everywhere and
to get people to you know go to the
website and you know
send in their application and stuff like
that
um because i'm like well you know there
might be a lot of people who aren't
currently looking for work
and so they're not seeing the yeah yeah
that we're looking for who do have
acting experience but they're not
looking for work so they wouldn't know
where to where to find exactly uh so
that's the next step because the script
is done
and so well it's not done the first
draft is done oh it's done done yeah
okay um do you want to send it to me so
i can give it a read no i need to
um give it a read myself that's fair
um
but uh
like my my
i was
so married to this is going to come out
in october it's going to be a horror
thing a halloween thing
and then it became a feature film
accidentally it went from a half hour to
120 page script
um
which is supposed to roughly tr nick
keeps dropping things on the floor i
don't have a fidget toy
um
but uh
i forget what i was saying i went from a
to 100 page script
from
30 30 minute short film to 120 page
script which roughly translates to about
an hour and 20 minutes which is
which is um it roughly translates to 120
minutes which is two hours
um
so we'll see what happens there uh
probably not coming out in october now
but it's gonna be an actual like
feature-length movie and so i've been
trying to figure out oh god how do i
make this and so uh instead of just
putting it on my youtube channel we're
going to have a special premiere for
obviously everyone who supported it on
uh indiegogo as well as all of you guys
on patreon um you'll be invited to the
special premiere of it and then it will
be put on youtube for 1.99
um
so two dollars for a movie yeah and
that's that's to purchase it that's not
to rent it so for two bucks you get the
movie and
hopefully that way there's a possibility
of making back some of the budget that
can then go into making more movies more
movies instead of just kind of relying
on
well let's hope somebody at a film
festival sees it and likes it yeah um
but i do feel a lot of guilt about
basically not having
like schedules done and not having like
shooting schedules ready and and and we
were kind of afraid that actors would be
a hard thing to find where we are but we
weren't expecting it to be like this
destitute yeah because like there's
there's a lot of actors where we are
which is why i'm like are they not
getting the memo like are they not
seeing this on the job boards and that's
why i want to put it out on like every
yeah um
ever go to the um some of the local
theaters here and kind of um
i would have to i don't know any local
theaters
here
the neptune
yeah but they're
that's you sign like
um
not confidentiality act exclusivity
agreements
yeah non-competition yeah i don't it
wouldn't really become but competing but
sure that's fine
yeah so it's all
it's all a nightmare which is one of the
reasons i'm looking into moving to a
bigger city where people actually want
to do fun things like make movies yeah
and pretend to be murdered yeah
a lot of people who need to pretend to
be murdered in this movie
um
but is anyone beheaded
uh no almost so
we are behind multiverse of madness then
well that didn't make it into the movie
that was cut i thought that there were
like ten beheadings that didn't make it
into the movie well no there's one just
went around like slash there was the
beheading of mordo and then delivering
the
head oh my god but that got cut from the
movie i can't believe but anyway um
shame and guilt
uh that movie should inspire a lot of
shame and guilt but sam remy's you know
writing on cloud nine so whatever yeah
cause it made a lot of money
um
that scene had good writing mr raymie
you're known for spider-man and evil
dead
peak writing
peak and that's not saying the
spider-man movies in the evil dead
movies aren't fun it's just no they're
you don't go to those movies for the
writing yeah they're not who's afraid of
virginia woolf no
um
what other guilt and shame
do you have um i generally feel a
perpetual sense of guilt and shame so i
am
you know sometimes i'm over it sometimes
i'm not so like that's why i'm like
neurotically obsessed with being meek
some of the time because i feel like
i've done something horribly
unforgivably wrong
and
you know
that's just who i am
how about you
well most of my guilt and shame is
surrounded by
well like guilt is all surrounded by
video stuff youtube stuff um
i feel ashamed when videos don't do well
uh like when the camp video just didn't
take off the way i had hoped see like
when it comes to stuff like that i'm
usually able to rationalize for reasons
why after like because we had a bit of a
hiccup with yuri on ice
and that's kind of where i began to
readjust my thinking in terms of like
you know like it there are forces
outside of our control
for why
these things might not do well if
there's a pattern of them doing well oh
absolutely there's
yeah it's like you know the camp video
didn't do well
because
you know that's not exactly a hot search
topic yeah and like we are still
learning how to sort of like um control
what um venues we can
to make sure these videos do well enough
to sort of like because
yeah like i have a patron who works for
youtube and they have given me some
hints i'm not gonna say any names or
anything but they've given me some hints
of how to
work with the algorithm
and uh our next video is hopefully going
to do that
hopefully but also realizing that you
know videos just generally don't do well
in the summer so
no
no i thought that was the thing last
year that we learned because that video
is just our videos didn't do well in the
summer but other people's did perfectly
fine some other people's videos did
better than ever in the summer
okay
um
it's it
really just seems like what kind of what
are you putting out there
and what i've basically been told by the
youtube
employee
is
niche super niche content
will get super niche views
and since most of the stuff we do is
very niche
the views have not been there whereas
when we do stuff about disney or video
games
does great when we do stuff about
certain anime
banana fish
does great
when we do stuff about manwa with
killing stalking and uh painter of the
night does great
um
but when we talk about specifically
queer topics like with camp
or um
even heart stopper
um doesn't do so great
because the audience
is
kind of in a bubble
and they're being fed all of this all of
the time
and so one more video is just one more
video to the watch later list right
whereas
when there is a
thirsty audience for something
they will watch every video they will
listen to every podcast they want all
the opinions of
from everyone about this thing that they
love or hate
um well that's kind of what we ran into
with the power couples video
like it was kind of just hitting at the
right time to kind of fuel a couple well
yeah because that came out right as one
division did and then killing stocking
which i thought wasn't going to get any
views
it's the most few it's like 1.7 million
views now yeah like that was
just you made that video on a whim
because you're like i read this thing i
need to talk about it yeah like i had
read it like a month earlier
and i was like
i just i need to make a video about this
because yeah it's a thing
and yeah it's a thing it's a thing it's
still a thing and it's continuing to be
a thing and the thing will be re-shared
when when the tv show comes out
i might make a new video when the tv
show comes out um
but that's one thing one thing i would
like to ask of you guys because i'm not
knowledgeable enough about media spaces
what is really big out there
like what is extremely popular
in
kind of circles that have a queer bent
to it
because
like the next two videos i have planned
um
i think might play the algorithm
properly
um we shall see
but i would like to know you know what
else is out there um
because i want to make more stuff
that people want to see
because by us making more stuff that
people want to see that gives us the
leeway to do you know a two-hour video
about camp yeah or you know fun stuff
every now and then a documentary about
john waters or something like
yeah that was planned for a little bit
and it's like he might be a little bit
like
you know very specific audiences yeah
it's very very specific look i want to
make a video about rocky horror and
shock treatment for halloween
um and
you know that's a very niche audience
but i think halloween is kind of the
perfect time of year to release that
kind of video yeah um
but like oh my god that video could be
about censorship
because disney owns rocky horror now
they haven't censored it though they
haven't done anything with it though
it's just no it's in the pride section
is it on disney plus yeah no way i mean
in canada it's not on disney plus in the
u.s yeah it's on i think it's on hulu in
the u.s i think so it's probably on
hulu's pride section
um
i'm glad they're not just sw sweeping it
under the rug because that thing is a
relic
uh shock treatment though doesn't exist
anywhere yeah nobody is i was i'm the
only person in the world who was who saw
shock treatment before rocky horror
picture so and my queer
my queer sort of
uh guide mentor in high school made
crafted that very deliberately we were
sitting down and she was like you know
what you're going to be the only person
in the world that sees shock treatment
before rocky horror and
you can kind of work with that in the
video kind of you know expose the
children to shock treatment because
guaranteed none of them have heard of it
no
popular opinion the music and drug
treatment was better than rocky horror
that's very unpopular like rocky horror
had a few like really solid bangers but
every
every song in shock room
it's just a smash like it's it's so good
but anyway um
you had magenta and riff raff officially
confirming that they do sleep together
in shock treatment
i mean that was basically confirmed in
rocky horror no no no no
you you see it it's it's a thing
but another thing uh that i feel
like not guilt over
um
but shame over
is you know like visual appearance
and i've been getting
an inordinate amount of comments on
youtube videos lately regarding that
um
like somebody commented today you don't
need to wear the turtlenecks you have a
big neck uh you're not fooling anyone
and why why why do you what do you feel
think you're contributing yeah what do
you feel and like you are adding to the
person who said
something like i like your videos but
why must we be subjected to your face or
something yeah it's like i'm like
oh oh then don't watch them
like i'm like there's lots of people who
just put them on in the background and
don't actually watch them douchebags
yeah like this it's like
and there's been like
the first like
the comments for so long have been like
ah rowling is right blah blah blah i'm
like delete delete delete stuff like
that and only recently have the comments
like started coming for me specifically
and i'm like this is new especially
since my videos are getting less views
than ever
where are you trolls coming from
like
my own
subscribers are not being like told
about my videos
and you're getting them
like what are you doing youtube what is
this um
i don't you know
little secret i don't think youtube
knows how youtube algorithm works don't
either i think that's why they refuse to
tell anyone how it works because they
don't actually know they have no idea
they put some ones and zeros on a line
and they saw what happened and they're
like this could work yeah they they made
it an algorithm that is reactive to
media trends and pushes things that are
trending in media but like i don't think
the algorithm realizes how to track
popular trends yeah and another comment
that i'm just getting so old
is why aren't you on nebula
and
that is neither guilt nor shame but
frustration well yeah it's because we've
tried it's like i i feel like making a
video
about but even another one that's
getting frustrating
is people saying
i really liked this video
um
i think it basically like i think it
would behoove you
to read slash watch this thing and make
a video about it because it's very
important to the community and i'm just
like i did that eight months ago did
that a year ago
oh yeah things that you've already made
videos yeah i'm like click on my channel
and look at the other things i have to i
have run the gamut girl what was the
thing like last year i think it was
during the summer you got a comment
being like
um
basically saying like if you don't make
a video about given i'm going to stop
watching your videos like i'm going
you're going to lose my support and it's
like
why do you go out of your way to follow
and support someone
and then feel implored to dictate what
they do yeah and i do plan on making a
video about giving i think it's gonna i
think it's december i have it scheduled
for
um
because check the schedule so well
because december was going to be the um
gay nintendo queer nintendo video
um
and june
may
may i think yeah may may was going to be
given and we flipped them yeah um
so like there is going to be a video
about given and you know dealing with
trauma and all that stuff fun
um
but i'm like
that's why like for everyone every every
time somebody says you need to make a
video about owl house i had an extra
week
[Laughter]
crying all right i'll watch it next week
then crying will only make spar crying
will only make bart's mark higher
it's one of my favorite simpsons scenes
like
and like
don't take don't don't get me wrong i
love when you guys like recommend stuff
to me because sometimes it is it becomes
my favorite thing hannibal yuri on ice
banana fish like these things like
became
like hugely
like a part of
my life but like there's a like you're
gonna have to sort of realize that a we
can't really consume all of the media
that gets thrown at us because a lot of
it get a lot a lot gets thrown at you
and b there's no some of it's like 8 000
episodes and like people telling me to
make a video about one piece i'm like
are you gonna pay me for the next year
to sit down and watch it and like be
like there's no guarantee that we're
going to like it
or that we're going to see anything
that's
like like
something like hey i like this thing
it's like that's good i liked it too but
i don't really see a video in it and i
basically have a policy
that for the channel that other than
rolling and disney
i will not make a video about something
that makes me angry
yeah
like
rolling and disney have been
grandfathered in to my i hate you i get
so discouraged about the amount of
people that trump that still stump for
rowling and sort of like basically say
like why have millennials decided they
don't like jk rowling and it's like okay
you're trivializing
and like she trivializes too she says
she she literally says like oh i just
said one thing once and then that was it
and it's like no
you said that one thing many times
and then gays that bother me
it's the gays that bother me um i got a
message
i would like lined up whatever it is on
tinder
um
with this guy and
like
his profile was all about like
patronus and um
what hogwarts house are you and stuff
like that and like i'm in my brain i'm
like i get it
because like
you like harry potter
but why is that your personality
no no no
by broadcasting that yeah you're either
saying i agree with her
or i am okay ignoring it yeah and either
way is not okay with me yeah
like
i am slowly but surely replacing all of
my outward-facing harry potter
merchandise with
zelda and attack on titan yep
which some would argue that attack on
titan is more problematic than harry
potter i disagree you seem to have
watched a different show yeah
and read a different ma yeah i think
you've watched the show and you haven't
read the manga and you don't know how it
is it's it's the same way that people
watch the boys and somehow think that
homeland is the heroic masculine icon is
like okay yeah or that they like even
then it's like they p they're the joke
that i always go to is like people think
that uh fight club is about promoting
about toxic masculinity it's like no no
like that's not what fight club is it's
not my fault that a bunch of straight
guys the only thing they can take from
it is the only thing you need to talk
the first rule about clyde clubs you'd
not talk about fight club like the point
about fight club is that maybe we should
talk about fight club or else people
might start terrorist organizations yeah
um or like people who watch american
history accident are like yeah this
validates my hatred yeah non-white
people instead of depicting a very
pathetic person who like struggles to
kind of function yeah it's like you're
watching the wrong movie yeah and and so
like
or you're watching the right movie
you're just reading it all right and
specifically like when it comes to like
the boys and attack on titan i would
like to kind of open a discussion about
um
the condition that media literacy or the
lack of media literacy media literacy
has left art in yeah uh there's no room
for subtlety if you you basically have
to make everything an after school
special where sarah moon says that uh
hey you need to punch fascists um
instead of letting the art speak for
itself we need that after school special
and i'm really troubled by that yeah
and like literally an attack on titan
they do punch the fascists and they're
still like this is fascist they cut the
head off of one of the major fascists
they cut the head off a lot of people
they cut off a lot of heads
but yeah that's basically what the
attack on titan video is going to be is
kind of a dissection of
media literacy and how we seem to have
just given up on it yeah
um and it's coming from both the right
and the left because like at the right
as yeah like oh homelanders of uh
homeland
the right celebrates the thing and says
homelander is a hero and the left
demonizes this and says like its
messaging is too subtle and these
writers now have an icon and it's like
well yeah it's like
the right says he's a hero and the left
says they say he's a hero so the show
was bad yes yes and like i'm really not
comfortable with that like like
people need to be able to make their own
decisions about something
and they need to be able to extrapolate
the messages and cues that an artist is
trying to take away from them i'm just
like you know what my inner grandma is
coming out the producers could never get
made today
honestly though like
honestly though
blazing saddles absolutely not no
blazing titles absolutely not i think
there's more
room for the producers because like they
do specifically in the text of the show
the the play come come out and say like
uh max piastock is a greasy slimy
um
lying cheater and it's like
nathan lane's like yep
that's not inaccurate um i'm a broadway
producer like
um i love that lines it's like you know
i was like i was i was a terrible
lying cheating son of a [ __ ]
i was a broadway producer thank you for
the condemnation of it but even then is
that too subtle
probably like uh like ah and like with
the people saying that you know victor
from yuri on ice is you know peak
heterosexuality yes like where is media
literacy these days if you can't
see
matching rings and then all of the
little like figure skaters are on the
table basically squealing and saying
we're throwing you a shower yeah like
and then the straight person say like
i'm also engaged to my wife
yeah it's like
oh my god
like i get that there's censorship but
they are going but because of the
censorship they went harder than they
would have ever had to do otherwise well
yeah like if they could have just shown
the kiss yeah like they wouldn't have
had to go as hard as they did
and because of that it's like the gayest
show ever created
it's like queer's focus not as gay as
yuri on ice it's not i'm sorry
it's pretty gay
like good lord
like given where you actually do have
boys kissing not as gay as yuri on ice
like by a country mile
how's the country about longer than the
city mile
uh because everything is longer in the
country because it's boring it's very
true so i don't go there
i avoid the country at all costs not bad
sometimes
like even the the little like vacation
houses i've been looking at renting
they're like on the water they're not in
the country
well that's why you can't find with air
conditioning
gotta broaden your search
oh no like some of them say they have
air conditioning but then you see the
pictures and it's like okay it's
probably like a window unit which is
fine but i don't see the window unit in
the in the window so you can always
contact the person selling the plate i
know but that involves talking to people
just send them a message an email yeah i
know but then like what if they email
back and it's like not what i want or
something or they take too long to reply
that's fine you can move on jesus oh
it's just so frustrating you give up so
easily people just need to make
everything obvious and just say the
facts
here's the fact sailor moon says this
unit comes with an air conditioner
where is this sailor moon says coming
from i remember that was like the
pinnacle of like after school specials
in like the 90s like you know like
after the episode of sailor moon there
was like the sailor moon says where she
talks about the ethics of the episode i
don't remember that oh my god i never
really watched sailor moon that much as
a kid i was kind of like ew girls
um
so yeah i don't remember that at all
because it was like you know like this
person did this and we need to remember
to treat this person nicely but this
person did this
that doesn't mean they're a bad person
like i wonder if that was the
americanization of it in the american
producers yes it was like oh we gotta
and especially in canada when you had in
canada in the 90s when you had
children's programming there was a
compulsory amount of time that you
needed to take after each episode or
during each episode to explain the
morality of the things for the kids
um which magic school bus didn't really
need that because it had it within the
script of the show but like for things
like sailor moon which was a little bit
more nuanced
um
compared to mad school bus uh you did
need that kind of section at the end of
the show in order for it to be aired uh
for kids
um pokemon didn't need it because once
again it was within the text of the show
dragon ball z didn't have it that wasn't
kids programming or at least wasn't sold
is it
yeah it was more sold as like
teenage yeah so there needed to be that
compulsory educational component of it
yeah um
so it's funny that you messed up what
sailor moon says um so yeah that's
that's kind of where i've been gathering
that from um
i'm not sure if it had a american if the
amer if it was in america but i knew
that wasn't what it was in canada
but then again the sailor moon abridged
series um also had sailor moon says in
it at the end of every abridged episode
did it really yeah yeah
and remember sailor moon says
so yeah it must have been in the
american side too because i remember
america had a lot of
kind of strict
um
stuff for what could be shown to kids
after
or no i think that was before reagan
because then reagan got rid of some
policies i remember what's her what's
her face um something
al gore's wife
she
crusaded for the kids oh i know um in
ways she wanted to get rid of like
entire bands she wanted like half of
music just deleted from the world she
would have preferred children didn't
exist i think
i love that in the discussion about
whether we're going to have censorship
of music whether we were going to
basically just ban certain kinds of
music uh you had all of these big stars
coming in like you know like um
american american people
and they
[Laughter]
they went in with their american rock
star look and their leather jackets and
their long hair
um not frank zappa frank zappa got a
haircut he shaved and he went in a suit
and he explained it and he explained the
reasons why this censorship will lead to
a larger problem with censorship of all
media at that point though like in the
late 80s frank zappa had been kind of
fathered in as the the dad yeah in the
music industry kind of because he's one
of those people that was like so
incredibly influential but no one's ever
heard of him um and it's just because
like
if you like he influenced everyone you
have heard of yeah yeah that's that's
how it works with a lot of musicians is
like you know like uh they kind of go
underground but because they're like
really brilliant at what they do frank
nacho bass sinatra frank zappa basically
nobody's heard of frank sinatra frank
zappa basically wrote chamber music uh
and sent it to a rock band yeah that's
what he did for a lot of his
compositions um
valley girl that's kind of it
was like so bitchin there's like the
galleria
i love the story for that song too but
yeah like uh he kind of went in with his
suit and his haircut cause like he was
renowned for being you know like having
very long shaggy hair and he he cleaned
himself up and he went in and he talked
about censorship
and that's what swayed the um special
interest board of con on congress yeah
uh i i just love that that is this um
obscure
yet well-regarded rock singer
rock star
who who is um brilliant enough to influ
for everyone whose life was music for
them to have heard of but uh too
brilliant for people to really for
general audiences to really appreciate
and i hope now these many years later
that those politicians feel shame
for their
bullshittery that they tried to pull off
in the early 90s and late 80s do you
remember music and video games and books
they remember they tried to get
goosebumps banned oh my god i hadn't
argued with my mom because my mom's like
no there is actually um scientific
evidence psychological evidence showing
that video games erode empathy and i'm
like
congratulations mom you know how to read
facebook um
[Music]
the most empathetic people i know are
gamers
i know but my mom's kind of stuck to her
things and i don't really feel like
arguing most of the time
um
oh my god she started some [ __ ] anyway
uh anyway
my mom ladies and gentlemen um
yeah uh so yeah one thing i love about
like old congress is watching mr rogers
go in
and talk to congress about the
importance of pbs and
why it's so important to have that kind
of public programming
and having the politicians on the board
and the committee actually listen
and engage with him
yeah and listen instead of what they do
now when you have like someone coming
into for a hearing they just they're on
their phones they're on their phones or
they're just there to get their sound
bites in
they're not there to actually have a
discussion and talk about you know
whether or not
something
should be i mean politics is a mess
right now in this particular point in
history
i mean i think politics have always been
a mess i think they're getting i think
it's getting messier i i think the
problem
is that the people who are being elected
are wannabe celebrities
instead of
like people who actually start because
like you have the people like aoc where
she's kind of like a classic politician
where they started out kind of doing
like community organizing and stuff like
that because even the likes of like
nancy pelosi and stuff who are like so
out of touch now when they first got
into politics it was they got into
politics for a reason
whereas when you have these people like
ted cruz or marley marjorie taylor green
or these people they want to be the next
donald trump that's why they're in
depaul they're they're political
influencers
yeah basically
um i like where she get told
um
but
and i think that's the problem now is
that so many politicians on the left and
the right
not trying to both sides it but on the
left and the right are just trying to
gain influence well i think donald trump
especially kind of eroded that because
when he became president when he was
running you had like people like the
rock saying like i'm gonna run for
president yeah and you have a whole
bunch of people on the left being like
i'm gonna run for president and it's
like what right kanye west um at one
point uh said i'm running for president
he might still might i don't know who
knows depends on the week um
who's that guy uh bob iger
he wants to run for president
yeah see that's the thing though with
like
sorry unplugged my headphones sorry
sorry now i can't hear anything sorry
i just shifted because i plugged them
back in sure fine you were closer i
think i know i wasn't
but um
i hope that didn't mess up the recording
are the numbers still going up our
number stunks
stunks okay
um
that's the thing with like bob iger is
like
you could argue
that he actually
did
take a corporation that was
when he got control of it
and made it into the biggest corporation
in the world but here's the case like
the biggest media company
but
just let me finish okay
and the democrats
don't have
a
business person they have a lot of
people who are owned by big business but
they don't have anyone who has run a big
business
um
and you know he could be
the democrats argument of
well here's our business person he knows
how to run the economy
and oh by the way he's also the one who
started gay days at disneyland and he's
the one who started um
you know all of these
stuff he's you know
other than you know unions he's very
progressive on social issues
and so you kind of have the ooh business
i like him i'll vote for him at the same
time that he's not the devil
yeah um
like he has done interviews now where
he's basically like bob chapic's a
[ __ ] dick
i can't believe this like
i'm so glad i left when i did kind of
thing i mean this wouldn't be happening
if you had hadn't left but yeah but he
wants to run for president yeah
and everyone knows joe biden's not gonna
make it and here's the thing when
someone runs for president it's like
why do you want to do that
yeah like do you want to help people or
do you want that on your resume do you
want a feather in your cap cause like
you know what's up for grabs these days
it seems like yeah like i wholeheartedly
think hillary clinton was running for
president specifically to be the first
woman president i don't think she had an
agenda i think that was her goal that
was her kit that was her campaign that
was her marketing i'm with her it was
all focused around being the first woman
president and any time it came to policy
and the troops and the flag troops uh
whereas i think like in 2008 obama
actually had like stuff he wanted to get
done
um but was then absorbed into the
democratic machine which he actually
admits to in his in his uh biography
yeah
um and i think biden is another one like
clinton where he just wanted he felt
like it was his turn yeah to be
president he didn't have any grant even
though like he could look at it as i'm
only gonna have one term because i'm so
old i could do the biggest changes in
america and be remembered and be
remembered yeah and then let them fight
let them let like i'll do an executive
order where everyone has free health
care and let them fight it in the courts
yeah um and this is why i'm not opposed
to legacy presidents like presidents who
want to leave a lasting legacy like
because it's like you're going to do
stuff if you want legacy it's probably
going to be on the progressive side
because people who do unprogressive [ __ ]
don't get remembered well they do i mean
reagan is remembered for
losing his mind in the last couple of
years nixon is remembered for lying um
george w bush is remembered for starting
a forever that's not legacy that's being
remembered uh like there's like these
president reagan had to let
reagan had a legacy in terms of just
like just a good one not a good one no
uh nixon had the epa
nixon had the epa which is basically
gone now because of trump yeah but
people also don't remember that nixon
also
um
opened up relations with china but
people yeah because that's that that's
not relevant anymore people remember fdr
um
well fdr has like multiple legacies you
know
he won world war ii he got the america
out of the depression he was the only
person to ever be elected four times um
he was the only person who ever picked
us a an outs out note socialist for his
vice president
like and no no no no no no no no no who
got replaced by truman at the democratic
convention yeah because they knew that
fdr was gonna die soon they didn't want
a socialist to be president so they
replaced him with someone without a high
school diploma but people don't even
remember truman
like you know he dropped the bomb that's
yeah that's all he did but people don't
really credit him with that though
no because the bomb wasn't developed
under truman that was developed under
but if you want to talk about legacy
nobody remembers the presence from the
20s they were all republicans
uh
one of them was obsessed with the shape
of skulls
phrenology i can't remember his name
though not surprised i mean most people
can't remember most american presidents
it's jfk
fdr
uh lincoln washington and the the new
ones yeah
like who was president right before jfk
wasn't that
eisenhower
i think it might have been eisenhower
but like eisenhower another one who had
a legacy because of socialist leanings
even though he was a republican yeah he
was a republican he desegregated the
schools yeah
did he yep no no no it wasn't fairly
certain he did no it was the president
after him that desegregated the schools
that was
no it was the president after kennedy it
was johnson
desegregated the schools okay i think
i thought it was eisenhower no it would
because that was the 50s yeah okay i i
was really surprised because i knew it
was a republican president who did
oh i don't know yeah
i don't know
we're canadian we don't need to know
this yeah
we didn't
we didn't have segregation we just had
did we
no um maybe we did
we just had you know
something else that i don't want to talk
about yeah north american history i
don't want to talk about it yeah
it's just a lot of sad
but it was uh oh frick i forgot the
exact title now what uh regional schools
residential schools yeah look up canada
residential schools if you ever want to
feel good about being american
um
i mean we also had japanese internment
camps but then against america did we
yeah in the world or two japanese david
suzuki lived in one i did not know that
his family was removed from the store
they owned and put in a residential and
not a residence um an internment camp
during world war ii know that yep
yep how did i not know that
uh because the canadian government finds
that embarrassing
um
so yeah um
which they feel shame
for that honestly when we just at the
discussion we had about political
influencers and that stuff i think a big
problem with the world is that people on
mass do not feel enough guilt and shame
yes like you ever see white people
dancing that's the result of a lack of
guilt and shame
um
and i have seen a white person dancing
in my lifetime uh now and then
yeah
there are two people two races who are
allowed to dance
people who are of african descent
and people from korea that's it south
korea i don't think north koreans know
how to dance latin america son
oh yeah boy yeah
just not white people
white people are not allowed to dance
you give white people permission to
dance and they have that weird russian
kicking dance thing oh yeah like and
it's like and that's not a big thing
like there's a lot of like in white
expression or like white upgrading it's
like we need to make sure that everyone
is unrestricted and feels no shame in
what they do and it's like maybe if you
had a bit of shame you could correct bad
dance moves
and kind of influence them to be a
little bit less wooden when they're
moving their body
and
um
just calling robin sing it all over the
dance floor oh my god
karen's emoting
[Laughter]
all right so
that's the end of this week's padrian
thank you so much for listening coming
back and sticking around um
i hope you'll stick around with us into
july we have and into the summer we have
some fun projects coming up
um
and
uh the patreon specific um
watch along stream which
uh according to the vote it will be the
bird cage now was that divided between
patreon and
youtube
uh patrons and youtube members
okay can you see the numbers for youtube
members because then you can add them
together and then okay then at the top
birdcage wins by a mile okay um
there's also there was also a large
contingent of write-in votes for
everything everywhere all at once i
would like to watch that again but
that's not out yet so we have to wait
for that to come out and then i'd be
totally up for watching that with you
guys
um
so yeah thank you so much for listening
we've got the watch along coming up
we've got lots of streams coming up
we've got some videos coming up
lots to look forward to
so don't leave
don't leave the patreon
we we appreciate and we love you
and i feel so bad that we missed a week
of the patreon patreon because
because
nick don't be no so nonchalant you never
know i'm not being nonchalant i'm just
saying like i i like to be very taoist
about these things and the more you try
and make something happen the less the
more it kind of gets away from you you
know
see i'm very much of the opinion that if
you don't try and make something happen
it never will
there's some nuance with endowed with
him about that it's basically just like
okay you you want to be a you're a
circle but you want to be a square it's
never going to happen but you could you
can be
what you can be is the best circle you
can be the best circle that's something
you can be an oval okay you can force
yourself into being an oval i'm also of
the currently trying to force myself out
of a circle into oval
eating not much i'm also of the opinion
that uh desperation stinks
so like you know people kind of pick up
on it so like you know
we're going for chill vibes here so like
i just want everyone to know they're
appreciated they are appreciated but i
also want them to know that you don't
need to feel pressured because they're
lovely
and things are going fine well i don't
think they feel pressure
i feel pressure
a lot of pressure
but he was trying to get you to relax a
little bit so that your creative juices
can flow easier
what is relax what's that it's a word i
don't know
i just feel it sometimes i don't know
we need massages we should get massages
yeah
i've only had one massage and that was
when i threw my back out i've never had
one and that might be why my back is so
sore all the time
um so anyway yeah so
the end of this episode of the padreon
we'll be back next week with a whole new
episode of stuff hopefully not just feed
into an episode about self-care
hopefully not as dour as this one well
we had some upper moments um
talking about guilt and shame
and we never talked about the catholics
uh we're both catholic though so i think
that's taken for granted catholic light
catholic light so thank you for
listening my name is james i'm nick and
we will
see
listen
you'll hear from us again
very soon
thank you so much for listening bye
bye